There cage
Autumn Chikashi and say it, but fall really from Kai + compared to the hey every year is better Consultation It is cool
It is is is is
This race was from the front of St. Paul Stakes who welcomed Utsumi , but it became Tree 3
This is the first time this time it is the first time 9 people out there have run out and the eighth is the most popular
Don't win the knockout
Come on , try
It is because it came out to what kind of previous life broadcast 51 kg set of 4 years old horse to now
As for the axis still everyone would be a boy I really hated you
West six Hall's Hidetoshi knockout bound ballerina Shiono Legal Izumi Oyado Lennon vios
3 there in the sharp rise in the servo efcf Art Baba condition is any 稍重
The clock is marked as much as it is ah and one side
The gate- in of 8 buildings is over and it will start when Mr. Boy's popularity is entered as it is.
The situation is ready Well start 1400m
藩 mainland condition is a heavy gate is fast
It's a reasonable start, but I wonder if there are any dashes
We are also trying to Merci hard go from outside early Merci heart of it mustard shake
How this area will continue to slowly No. 2 Eve fee Ballerina another one animal 800 million now from
Mr. Boy of the city is also a destination
This is a two-headed taste frame but wins plate white hood stood to Mr. Boy Cup bytes spearhead two destruction
Top No. 8 reward is that you be a Rigaku then yellow hat a Hinto system specifications
Mr. Boy Soft Permanent Edition of Healthy and Aging from Full to Yellow Hat
It is in the industry of No. 7 Sucre through a heavy- duty weapon, but a red hat supports Shiono
Regal then 4th fountain star
And how from the 6th Ao Ichiban knockout 2 Iboba leader
In such a revision , we head for the fourth corner from the 5 third corner, but the two heads of the taste frame are the top second
Mr. Boy through the hand space area
Grand victory
In the salt around the Merci harp as a variety to Chihiro c and outside the If you can
The red hat legal has finally finished third
White hats, etc. knockout coming extending therefrom out movement ballerina in a legal third of the above
I am 4 star in the fountain star from the outside
It is straight and turns around, but I'm a fan first No. 1 Uchida Mr. Posi battle mother Miss Turbo Isen 10
Day
White Regal Knockout from Outside Stops the Legality of Big Cities
Regal of the fire to put a legal difference in the child, such has also packed a difference knockout through
And I got a hard ice at home
Cormorant Sir real hectic of the lyrics to write to the boy and Ken Takatsuka slander became white leader and strife
Most of the guitar slightly inside Mr. Boy
The outside is now up and down the neck that is the leader of the specification
Door goods
Well if there is a 1000 Dorusekusu No. 8 positive d of Mr. boy or No. 3 by say
I thought of two popular ones
I'm bound
The Nakayama Racecourse is covered with a sign of light autumn and completely autumn
I think we do a little chilly feeling is in short sleeve shirt piece also towards the audience
It is a serious injury of the Kyoto king cup Autumn handicap grade 3
It is ten run that we see in 1600m , but it is the start that is the first
The middle is slightly cut in half but wii whistle harbor club is late
Better it was not so affected
Please Sasen fur Gil minstrel Metamago 3 go
I went further red hat cleaning smile First three people get out and exchange this
like
The bottom of the interval was placed second in the early stage
The remaining vinegar goes up to the second, but of course the former dancer wins on the server
Smile
Place but is behind that Infosys, which is being groupie wearing snow rose to new mules
Further
Diner One is preached and you are four schools eyes from behind it became one this Harbor
It is a crown and
It is the 4th cool heart that I said from the castle of Haber Klan
The white hat Yoshihoshi flies and writes in the reference column which was in the foot of the other side And
This is the second fastest in turn cross-cut popular island fracture to the island customer's
Gunther further followed with Wing Smile and passed outside as a diner gradually
We are different trick Now it takes this to the official in one word 3 corner of the curve Takashi
It is a public-child battle and between 7
The remaining is the band to not a Hosokara but each subsequent field in particular cell
Wings We packed the Bellwood difference The Vienna Smile is the difference
Behind
Harbor clan and do you go is Tops N Table 400 days Asama There liner Torres
And other non-functional stuff
And Nattoru Thurman's, but the frontal Island Hotte in sputum So La Diner up
Or say
Now'll Diner plus cattle is their be missing liner convex me missing riders
Four greetings
Mizonuma
The small third is hardship but theft is completely out nuts
Minor come or z is the southern part of Thailand is releasing the second place
It Stakes first the However losing climbed iron in and Medori a little less than you've entered now
It was a long time baider but played a wonderful role
Oh car Sai Winning time is 1 minute 32 seconds 2
Although I thought the tour that the cloud probably work I was I Oh Oh Oh good watch out that over
It is s So after that I yeah drove I bought this that was Yappa Iran pot bot
It's behavior and tears of hate in the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Office
It is already horse racing
Not 's or as it is to escape at that pace go on stream of the high piece
When I wanted to put in more, it's already advanced but I'm advanced
That's why it was the same with the Sekiya Memorial Club. This is a semi-blind Lego and my stop.
Likely it is taking in thin even watchers
However, 1 minute and 32 seconds it was 1 well this way-
If this is cold in foreign countries , it is still 30 do
Is that so